All right so I'm tired of the application and looking like an ugly old and outdated thing.
I want to get you guys excited so let's go ahead and download a bootstrap modern theme.
And this is a free Web site that you can go to where you can download this free product.
It's a Web site.
It's going to be zipped up.
And what we want to do is we want to extract the contents of the folder to the location of our Web site.
So let's go over here and you could see all this CSX and vendor stuff and everything we want to go out
and extract that to wherever our project is.
In my case I have it under tutorials under net core first application so I have to actually go all the
way into the application of and find the root directory and I'm going to say OK you'll probably get
a collision on the C S S directory possibly I guess maybe not.
And then let's go to an extract also the index aged you know and we're going to extract this as the
layout page.
So really let's for right now I'll go ahead and put it inside of I'll put it as near as I can to the
project because we're going to need it overnight.
I don't want to just overwrite the I'll just put it in the wrapper right now.
That's right.
I replace the existing index.
All right so now by doing that if we go ahead and we look at this index study Simmo that we overwrote
you're going to see the new theme and that's really awesome.
But one thing you might have to do if you don't see it is if you have this inspector window open and
chrome by right clicking and saying inspect element it open up this inspector panel which you need to
be very familiar with as a web developer.
And if you hold down the refresh button you can see an empty cache and hard reload.
You may have to do that sometimes the Castro web server will actually cache your index or static content
so that includes any sort of index that HCM files that you might have in there or any CSSA files you
might be like why isn't this updating.
So make sure you re refresh refresh the cache a lot.
Another thing you can do is if you inspect and you go over to the console or you know I'm sorry it's
not work.
And then there is a disable cache right here so you can make sure Chrome is not caching anything as
well but sometimes the actual server will cache stuff and that's why you still have to restart.
And then also cash reast just delete the cache from your browser
so while this is really pretty it's not that cool because this is just the static HMO page that never
changes and that's not really what the web is all about so let's go ahead and add some functionality
here.
And what I want to do is take all the contents of this index study each thing and now from the root
directory.
I'm going to go into the lay out and I'm going to replace all this stuff right here.
And then inside of the body somewhere will say
so I guess somewhere above the floater here just for an example inside of us you know let's not even
do that.
We're just going to say render a body.
All right.
You don't need a semi call and by the way and razor syntax so we're going to render the body right there
for right now and then at the top.
Let's go ahead and add our view back to the title so we can remove the default and make sure it's working
so well say at symbol view bag dot title the title.
So this is a good time to probably briefly touch about razor but any anything that is using an at symbol
that has an at symbol before it is going to be followed by actual C-Sharp code that's going to be executed
on the server.
So this is actual C-Sharp basically memory that session memory is available that gets passed down to
the view and you can actually set the title to whatever you want from the controller.
And by default it should have the controllers actual name.
Or maybe no I don't remember.
But it's not that important.
So let's make sure all of this is working.
We're going to stop real quick and I'm going to go in and replay it and instead of going to the index
each time I want to go to the music dot index and then now you can see that all three were in here but
what we have is a problem with our static content or static content can no longer be found.
And we'll have to understand the reason why and the reason why is because the actual links are all messed
up you can see what it's looking for as it's looking for all these values inside of like music vendor
fun awesome things like that.
And there's actually no folder for that.
So what is the problem the problem is that it's looking at the relative directory and not the root directory
of the project.
And once again it's going to be the same thing for the home page as well so you have to go through and
actually update the links to all the static content in order to fix this.
And normally what I mean by that is you have to go through this painstaking process of being like you
know you know SEUS some blah blah blah and it's to it's you know it's going to find it and all that
stuff instead of looking you can use the Tildy and all that.
The better thing to do is actually just remember the name of it and use visual studio for its power
so stylish portfolio men.
OK so if I go into CSSA stylish porfolio men I just drag it right in there and you can see that it's
going out for you.
Know unfortunately I can't like drag and like and replace it.
But here's some vendor stuff so this vendor stuff is missing so here simple line icons from the vendor.
Simple line icons.
I don't remember which one that was.
So that's where this is this kind of socks.
You know I said maybe it's even better to just garding use it till the you know and just.
Just like that.
That's probably better actually to go through it and try to drag it you can drag or you can just go
through and manually update all these links.
So now that I've updated all those links and I go back and I restart the server and I go back to the
home index page you can see now that we're use that we're actually using MVC with is on that core with
a modern bootstrap pretty looking theme that we can actually replace some of this content and have a
very professional web site if you stop the tutorial right now with just what you've learned so far.
So there's a lot that you can do obviously from here and we're going to get into a much more.